
Oh, that's fine! 
I had been meaning to message you sooner actually, but I suppose in all the hubbub today, it plumb slipped my mind. 
Which is a shocking fact on its lonesome, considering what I have to tell you! 
As for this Strider business, hrmmm. He's an elusive guy Jake. You know that. 
I talked to him yesterday. That's as much help as I can be! 
Hoo hoo. 
I love that thing. :B 
What do you need with him? 
Does this have to do with your crazy pen pal project? 
Sorry, J. :( 
This would be the birthday present... for your grandmother? 
Her and me. 
"A joint gift from her and me." Grammar, Jake! 
So if I have this straight, the big thing hogging up your plate today is not this marvelous new game which I have invited you to play with me, but finishing a robotic rabbit to give to my dead poppop? 
You are a very strange and silly boy. 
Well, 
Godspeed, then! I do hope you can pull it off. 
No!! 
Hey! I have believed in you too. 
However, believing somebody isn't the same thing as believing IN somebody. 
But that much said... 
I think that maybe I am getting ready to believe some of the wild stories I've heard? 
Or, if not believe outright, reserve judgment on, at least. 
I don't know! 
I'm still not sure what to think. But what I wanted to tell you this morning was... 
I had a really wild dream last night. 
And you were in it. 
Sh! Not like that. 
It was so real! I think we were in the game, even though we haven't started playing yet. 
I don't know what to make of it. Whether it was a vision of the future, or somewhere that exists now, or if it was just a really lucid dream due to excitement. 
Um... 
Not a heck of a lot! 
I really want to tell you all about it, but it will take some time to explain, and we both have things to attend to. 
You with your time traveling rabbitwork, and I, my vigilant window gazing! 
Yes, ok, good luck Jake! 
Why, hellooooooo. 
:B! 
Gosh! So formal today. 
D'aww. 
You needn't worry about easing my nerves. 
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be nearly as thrilled about today as I am! 
That is reassuring! 
No, I haven't seen her online yet today. 
I'm really hoping Lalonde won't flake out on me this time. Have you heard from her? 
If you say so. 
Oh! 
I wanted to tell you, I had an amazing dream last night! 
I believe it may have been of the sort you described. A dream of awakening, presuming I haven't just flatout lost my marbles. 
I was in a bright gold city. Above was a brilliant blue sky, but the horizon was dark as night. 
Was this the place you told me about? What was it called... 
Ah, shucks, does this count as a "causal spoiler?" 
I didn't see you there. At least, I don't think I did! 
Ok then. 
I mentioned this briefly to Jake, and he didn't have much to say before we parted ways. 
I will gather that if this is all true, then it means Jake had not awoken yet? 
I don't know. 
But there was one thing about the dream that was very troubling. 
I'm becoming nervous to consider what it might mean. 
Hrm. I'm still not sure I appreciate what that means, but I appreciate that a nice gesture has been made if you say so! 
I guess I should just start believing all of this now, huh? Rather than learning it to be true later and feeling the fool for all my curmudgeonly skepticism? 
For starters, I guess I could drop my reservations about your story? 
I can write off much to tomfoolery as I'm no stranger to a good prank myself. But quite honestly you seem too kind for this charade. Not the type I'd expect to trot out such persistent falsehoods beyond their humorous welcome. 
So what do I know! Consarn it, maybe you are an alien girl from Uranus, and together we are about to play a game which determines the fate of existence. Sign me up! 
Omg. 
Overreact much? I kept you waiting for all of two seconds! 
Where have you been today? 
"All of a sudden." 
This hit you just now? We made plans to get in touch early this morning, and I have seen neither hide nor hair of you all day. 
Oh, for Pete's sake. 
Grrr. 
Now I know you're joking around to get my goat. 
Nooooo, stop. :( 
Yeah. Because it's weird! 
And you're drunk. :P 
I don't see why you don't try to court the favor of Mr. Strider. If you ask me, he and you are perfect for each other. 
Lordy. 
How can you be this fargone so early? 
It isn't even noon yet. 
You're three hours ahead of me! 
Tsk. What would your mother have to say if she caught you? 
So even if your insane and paranoid theory happens to be true, your response is, "Screw it! Time to help myself to all this mind game booze." 
Groan. You are completely impossible like this. 
I cannot believe you chose to do this today of all days. I should have known better! 
Here I am waking up bright and early, waiting all day with my nose pressed against this glass for the mail to come and wondering if you'll ever log on, and all the while you are just getting blind stinking schnocker-bottomed drunk. 
&%#$@!!! 
The alpha! 
Jeez-Louise, you are hopeless. 
Are you at all ready to play if it comes? 
Not this again. 
The "Batterwitch" DOES NOT EXIST! 
It is an idiotic urban legend. 
How many times have I explained this? My great, great grandmother who founded the company and is accused of holding this identity would have to be almost two hundred years old if she were still alive today. The idea is such preposterous hogwash it's hardly worth dignifying with a rational response. 
The iconic face of the company isn't even a real person! She was fabricated long ago during the company's fledgling years. 
Such cuckoobird nonsense. 
In any case, I don't understand the nature of this second guessing, besides chalking it up to your unwelcome inebriation. 
We had agreed you would play with me. You sounded excited about it! 
Have you even obtained your copy yet?? 
Through your various technologically crypotgraphic means, I presume? 
:| 
I am quizzically narrowing my eyes trying to solve the joke you are attempting, assuming it even is one. 
Oh. 
Really? 
Hrm. That is a bit puzzling. I thought this software was highly proprietary. 
Ump, yes, I know. You've made yourself clear. 
But what doesn't add up about your story is, 
I believe SOMEBODY doesn't want me to play. 
How else do you explain the recent attempts on my life? 
"there" 
So this hypothetical monstrosity wants me to succeed, but also wants me to die? 
Makes a lot of sense! 
I see. This is sounding less like a crackpot conspiracy theory by the minute! 
Hm. It's tempting, and I'm curious as heck to play it. 
But the mail should be coming any minute! I've waited this long for it, so I might as well use the official discs addressed to me. 
When it comes, I do hope you'll change your tune. 
Not to mention brew yourself a pot of coffee and sober your drunk butt up. 
Hoo hoo! Ok, fair enough. 
But I believe that when we start playing together, you'll come around. 
Personally, I can hardly contain my excitement over it. 
If years ago someone told me, which incidentally someone DID, that today I would have an exclusive opportunity to play what is absolutely the most cutting edge immersive simulation game ever released, developed by a company which has already done so much for the advancement of humanity, I would have said, "Shucks, buster, sign me up!" 
Yes? 
What! 
Shoosh you, drunky! :B 
Oh... 
Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh... 
The thing. 
The flappy thing!
THE FLAPPY SWINGY DOODAD. 
THE ARM DEALIE. 
THE DEALIE, LALONDE, THE DEALIE!!! 
THE GODDARNED RED SWINGY FLAPPY LEVER ARM THINGAMABOB, WHATEVER IT'S CALLED. 
ON THE MAILBOX. 
IT'S UP. 
IT'S UP, IT'S UP, IT'S UP. 
NO, WHO CARES ABOUT THAT! THE DEALIE, THE DEEEEEAAAALIEEEEEEE!!! 
IT'S UP, IT'S UP, IT'S HERE IT'S HERE IT'S HERE! 
AAAAAAAAAAAH! 
Brb. 
Oh, that's fine! 
I had been meaning to message you sooner actually, but I suppose in all the hubbub today, it plumb slipped my mind. 
Which is a shocking fact on its lonesome, considering what I have to tell you! 
As for this Strider business, hrmmm. He's an elusive guy Jake. You know that. 
I talked to him yesterday. That's as much help as I can be! 
Hoo hoo. 
I love that thing. :B 
What do you need with him? 
Does this have to do with your crazy pen pal project? 
Sorry, J. :( 
This would be the birthday present... for your grandmother? 
Her and me. 
"A joint gift from her and me." Grammar, Jake! 
So if I have this straight, the big thing hogging up your plate today is not this marvelous new game which I have invited you to play with me, but finishing a robotic rabbit to give to my dead poppop? 
You are a very strange and silly boy. 
Well, 
Godspeed, then! I do hope you can pull it off. 
No!! 
Hey! I have believed in you too. 
However, believing somebody isn't the same thing as believing IN somebody. 
But that much said... 
I think that maybe I am getting ready to believe some of the wild stories I've heard? 
Or, if not believe outright, reserve judgment on, at least. 
I don't know! 
I'm still not sure what to think. But what I wanted to tell you this morning was... 
I had a really wild dream last night. 
And you were in it. 
Sh! Not like that. 
It was so real! I think we were in the game, even though we haven't started playing yet. 
I don't know what to make of it. Whether it was a vision of the future, or somewhere that exists now, or if it was just a really lucid dream due to excitement. 
Um... 
Not a heck of a lot! 
I really want to tell you all about it, but it will take some time to explain, and we both have things to attend to. 
You with your time traveling rabbitwork, and I, my vigilant window gazing! 
Yes, ok, good luck Jake! 
J, how goes the bunnyquest? 
Tell me about it. 
Dad has the whole house in full fatherly lockdown mode. Talk about blowing a few measly "assassination attempts" way out of proportion! 
So I'm currently mulling over my next move. 
What is it that has you hamstrung? Did you ever track down the slippery Mr. Strider? 
Sounds dangerous! 
Why is it that our two best friends in the world always seem to place themselves at the source of all our problems, while simultaneously presenting their only solutions? 
I'm debating whether or not to enlist his help in the matter of my current imprisonment. But I'd rather keep it as a plan of last resort. 
We'll see. 
So I take it you're out and about now? 
Right. Well, not to keep you too long, since we both still have our missions ahead of us, but I wanted to tell you about that dream I had. 
Hoo. :B 
Ok, but, I should say that the nature of the dream was a bit worrisome. 
And I'm concerned it may have implications for the game we're about to play. 
So it's probably best that I tell you about it before you leave. 
I woke up on the planet which we have been told about by our mutual acquaintance. 
The one covered in golden cities. Prospit, remember? 
Yes, you're right. It was the moon, actually. I could see the planet on the dark horizon. 
I was dressed in a golden dress, like a sort of nightgown, and I could fly. I left my bedroom, which was at the top of a tall tower. Surrounding me were the gold cities, just as described. 
Behind the skyline was darkness. But just above was a bright blue sky and puffy white clouds. 
Yes, probably. 
Are you sure you haven't woken up there before? 
I see. The impression I have developed is that this is supposed to be a real place, and all who dream there have shared experiences. 
Did Jade ever mention seeing us there? 
Hrmm. Anyway...
I explored the moon, and began to notice people gathering in the streets. 
But they weren't human. They were funny looking, perfectly white creatures. 
Well, I don't know if they had much to do with chess here. 
The more closely I observed, the more they appeared somewhat despondent. 
Yes. 
I determined they were in mourning, actually. 
Shoosh! I'm getting there.
More and more Prospitians were filing out of the buildings every moment. 
They all began to form a single, major procession. 
When I got closer, I could see that some were in tears. 
I realized this was a funeral.
I heard whispers, but couldn't make out what they were saying, so I got closer. 
They were all saying the same thing, over and over.
"The Page is dead." 
"Our hope is lost."
Jake. 
The Page was you.
Yes, I saw your body lying in a sort of coffin, on a bed of flowers. You were dead as a doornail. 
Everyone was so distraught! 
Including me. :(
But before I could get too horribly upset, let alone make sense of any of it, I woke up. 
I of course immediately wanted to tell you all about, but it was still well before sunrise for you, and you were surely still asleep. 
Then as the day went on I guess I became distracted by other things. You know how it is. 
I hope I'm not too late to "warn" you, though to be frank I don't have the foggiest clue what it is I'm warning you about. 
"Dear Jake, oh please do try not to... have already... died in my dream? Likely while you were sleeping, perhaps peacefully?" 
Still, I think you'll agree that it's to be viewed as a troubling omen. 
I care very much for you, and I don't know what I'd do if I lost you both in my dreams, and here in this world. 
So for whatever good it does, just please be extra careful out there today! 
Hooray! Will do. ;B 
Now let's get this silly old adventure off to the races before the coat of dust it's growing gets any thicker. 
Oh, no. 
I'm just trying to leave my house! 
Is this the real you, btw? 
Ok. Just making sure! 
Jake was having some issues with it earlier, and I don't think he received its obfuscating tendencies in the humorous spirit intended. 
Oh, so you're talking to Jake then? 
:B 
Was it that bad? 
Why not just turn it off then? 
Who? 
These lectures I presume are roughly similar in complexion to those I'm familiar with? 
Those wherein I have, and I quote, "got to be more like Jake?" 
I sincerely doubt that I am! 
Let's not talk about my "issues" again, shalln't we? 
Shush! 
The word shalln't escape my vocabulary any longer, just as you SHALLN'T nitpick my language! That's my turf you're on, buster. 
What were you saying? 
About leaving the responder on! 
Jake? 
True. 
Dialogic? 
Are you saying you have conversations with your own auto-responder? 
Hrm, that's interesting. 
I guess I always thought it was just a really elaborate gag! 
Sometimes your sense of humor seems more impenetrably advanced than your robotics. I'll never understand this tapestry of irony you weave. 
Maybe I'm just stuck in the dark ages of pranksterism with my funny mustaches corny old joke book. 
Is that a note of bitterness directed at your superstar brother I am detecting? 
Oh lordy. Yes, yes, I know. I don't need another ironic lesson in science fiction! 
Flaws?? Talk about understatement. Those movies are unwatchable. 
Unless your name is Jake English. 
Ermm... 
If you say so! 
I dunno. Call me a simpleton, but I just like funny jokes. 
Well, aside from thousands of dollars in corpse-repair richer, I can't say. 
I can think of cuter places for him to sleep, frankly! 
Oh, please. 
Anyway, property damage and desecration to cherished elders aside, Mr. Bear has been a lovely addition to the family. 
Oh... no. 
I keep forgetting I'm supposed to! 
Sorry. 
I will name him right now! 
How about Lil' Sebastian? 
Yeah!!! 
So then, are you saying Mr. Sebastian here was an ironic present? 
Relayed strictly for guffaws?? >:B 
Huh? 
What! Really? :O 
I thought you said you didn't have such an heirloom to complete the plushie trifecta? 
Ooh. Risky! 
So it's from a movie? 
Nope. 
Wait... 
Wasn't that some bit of action schlock from the 90's? 
Some of the silly nonsense referenced in his work was well before my time. I don't have the wherewithal to investigate all this minutia. 
That does sound a tad obsessive. Wasn't he furious about your burglary? 
Why didn't you mention this when you gave the gift? More irony? 
I see. So it was like a private joke, and if anyone besides you was in on it, the joke would be ruined! 
D'awwwww. 
Wait, real sentiment, or ironic sentiment? 
Or is there no difference?? Am I missing the point here? 
This is fascinating, if a wee bit more dissertation than I bargained for this morning. 
I have so much to learn. And I am not even saying that "ironically!" 
Will you teach me your ways one day, sir? Perhaps an apprenticeship will open? 
Tempting, but that rain check will have to stay unendorsed for now. 
Lil' Seb is beginning to act out, and I must put his fidgetiness to constructive use! 
Um, no? 
This is news to me. I never gathered that "team leader" was a thing for this game. 
Are you sure? I have my doubts. 
I believe as a group we will have the temerity to succeed, without my having to order people around like an insufferable bossypants. 
Hm? 
That's stupid! 
Precisely! 
There is a BIG difference! 
Oh yes? 
Then this whole affair will be one of D. Strider's grand productions in puppetry? 
These lessons we talked about... 
They've already begun, haven't they? :o 
Holy moly! 
Um, thank you, but no. 
I'm not ready to get dialogic with my cyberself just yet. My friends keep me busy enough as it is. 
Speaking of which, I really need to go. I know you love to talk my ear off, and it's always a treat, but let's catch up later after the game starts, ok? 
And if I do need your help, I promise I'll take you up on your offer! 
The one where you, hopefully not literally, offered to catch me in the crevice of a great big squishy butt! Hoo hoo hoo! 
Gtg!!! <3 
Heyyy. 
Ahem. 
Ro-Lal? 
Oh? 
With whom? 
Yeah. 
Um... which one, precisely? 
If the chats and surplus dinners were truly important, I wouldn't want to interrupt. 
Actually, 
That's what I wanted to talk to you about. 
You see, I was just the target of another assassination attempt. 
Two, in fact! One here in the real world, as I attempted to retrieve the mail. 
Luckily it was thwarted by a certain cat who shall remain nameless. 
But in the process of being rescued from the explosion, I was knocked unconscious. 
And in my dream, there was another assassination attempt. 
This one I believe was successful! 
I'm becoming convinced that our "dream selves" are being picked off by violent hooligans.
Perhaps. 
The one who accosted me was a knife-wielding lunatic. 
And it's reasonable to deduce the same forces were responsible for Jake's death on Prospit as well. 
It looks like we are in the clutches of an actual caper. A real life mystery! 
Which under different circumstances would be quite exciting. 
But the truth is, I think we are all in great danger! 
Yeah, yeah. :p 
But that wasn't all there was to the dream. 
Shortly before I was stabbed, I had a rather long gander at Skaia. 
Yes. 
I would say a pretty substantial gander. 
I saw things in the clouds. 
Yes. 
Things. 
Things happening in the future, I think. 
Many events pertaining to us. All of us, and other people I didn't recognize. 
It was a bit overwhelming. 
It made me feel small. Insignificant, relative to whatever it is we're about to involve ourselves with. 
And honestly... 
It made me feel pretty foolish too. 
I began to wonder why I ever had the audacity to think I know much of anything about the world we live in or the journey we're about to take. 
Or to think I could ever rule anything out. 
I have a feeling that whatever I saw, it means you've been telling the truth all along. 
About everything. 
And I'm starting to feel like a complete idiot for doubting you. 
I've been one great big horse's caboose, and I think you're owed an apology. 
Do you think you can forgive me? 
Why? 
I did. 
And at this point, I guess I have no choice but to use it. I guess you were a step ahead of me yet again. 
Because the one in the mail detonated in my most recent assassination attempt. 
:B 
Hoo hoo! The tactic was quite underhanded, yes. 
I don't blame you. 
Where we were, by my estimation, was a place wherein I was about to awkwardly attempt to swallow a helping of humble pie. 
To somehow make it up to you for my years of stubborn mistrust. 
Hm? 
Oh!!! 
Oh gosh, what a doofus. 
You see?? I clearly don't have all the answers! 
I really had some nerve challenging anyone, on practically any subject. 
That's fair. But I would still like to make a gesture. 
Even if it's one partially motivated by self interest, seeing as I clearly have much to learn. 
I would like to give you a free pass for a day. 
It is good for twenty-four solid hours of absolute credulity from your best friend. 
:B 
It means that starting now, whatever you tell me, I will have to believe you. 
I promise! 
Yes. 
Um, 
Are you there? 
Ro??? 
Oh. 
Hmm. 
Exactly how dramatic are we talking, here? 
Shall I go retrieve a magazine? 
Sigh.
Hmm. 
Everything, I guess. I'd like to get completely up to speed, if possible. 
Some reiteration certainly couldn't hurt. 
But this time I won't work so hard to sift the fantastical from the plausible. 
Sure. 
Oh, I know that! 
That was always something I had no trouble believing, considering the public documentation even reclusive celebrities receive. 
And frankly, the family resemblance is obvious. 
Anyway, it would be disingenuous if I found your relation far fetched, since we're all apparently related to noteworthy people. It's just one of those funny things. 
Maybe we should start at the very beginning. 
Do you remember around when we first started talking? 
And you claimed you were the one making my pumpkins disappear? 
You later proceeded to try to prove to me that what you were saying was true. 
But none of your attempts thereafter would ever bear any fruit, pardon the pun. 
Yes, I know what pumpkins are. It was a joke, silly. 
What I'm trying to say is, in thinking back to those days, when you couldn't verify your claims, it made me think the whole thing was a big ruse. 
And I think this unfortunately began a pattern of mistrust. It was always hard to rule out the possibility that you could be joking about other things as well. 
I couldn't begin to explain the science behind such a technology either. 
But I guess the important thing is, regardless of how or why it works, this is a story you continue to stand by? 
That is, you are still taking credit for the mysterious disappearance of all those pumpkins I grew years ago? 
... 
Did you gank them when my gourd was down? 
Very well! 
Then I believe that is what happened. 
That's all I am trying to say here. 
Now... nothing, really. 
You may continue to tell me anything you would like with the confidence that I won't doubt you. 
So by all means, go ahead! 
Oh, come on! 
That is a question! 
It's not any sort of revelation, or statement for me to take at face value. 
Dadburn it. This isn't that difficult! 
And for the record, it's not great. 
GETTING STABBED BY A BAD GUY. IT ISN'T ALL THAT PEACHY. 
So, you're not in the mood to tell me things? 
Um... 
Madrigogs? 
Yeah, I understand. 
It's not about pity! 
It's more like a gesture I'm trying to make. 
Or maybe that's not quite right. 
It has more to do with setting things right for myself than making it up to you. 
Does that make sense? 
Shoot, I'm doing such a terrible job explaining this! :( 
The bottom line is, I WANT to believe the things you say now. 
That's all you need to know! 
*Shudders uncontrollably at "word" usage.* 
Sure! 
I don't know. 
The baking chest, maybe? 
D'aw. 
That's sweet of you, I guess? 
What are the restrictions? 
Well, what immediately catches my attention is this enormous book. 
I wonder how it squares with your size restriction? 
My Unabridged Sassacre's! 
It's a very rare edition, and a precious family heirloom, so I don't know if it would make an ideal candidate for the journey. 
But what if it gets damaged! 
Oh! Silly me, what was I even worried about! 
That wasn't even a Freudian slip. 
Doctor Freud just tripped over an errant phallus, tumbled down a flight of stairs, and broke his neck. 
And then his cigar exploded comically in his face. 
It was spectacular. 
Couldn't we send Wise Guy instead? 
At least it can be easily replaced. 
? 
HM?? 
No, I reject your proposal that we "fuck" Wise Guy, whatever that actually means, or for that matter, the spelling of any adorable rodents named after African nations. 
I don't... think so? 
About what? 
I am not being a tightass! 
Oh god dammit. 
Take the book! What do I care!!! 
I fail to see what offering up a priceless book for your wildly capricious science experiment has to do with my resolution to be less stingy with my beliefs, but alright. 
Yes, let's just get on with it.
It worked! 
The book is gone! 
What is it? 
Did you receive the book? 
Don't tell me. 
The book is damaged somehow, isn't it? 
Sigh. Is it at least SOMEWHAT intact? 
Or was it completely incinerated in transit? 
I just KNEW we should have used Wise Guy. I can't believe this. 
Oh. 
Then what's the problem? 
Will you tell me what happened?? 
About what? 
Yet another exploding game trap? 
Yes. 
But to be fair, she warned me not to run it. 
Why? 
She was probably just trying to protect me from the Batterwitch's latest assassination attempt. 
Sheesh, I can't believe you all finally got me saying "Batterwitch" too. Who would have thought? 
What? Really? 
... 
Why would she do that? 
But... 
If she felt so strongly that I shouldn't play, she could have told me. 
Or, told me more forcefully, I guess. I would have listened! 
Maybe. 
:( 
Maybe she was justified in taking such an extreme measure. I sure hadn't been taking her seriously. 
She even warned me not to play it until she got back, but I went ahead anyway because I was too impatient! 
Actually... 
Now that I think about it, she was probably going to disarm it or such when she got back, seeing as her objective had essentially been accomplished already by an ACTUAL assassination attempt. 
After that, I told her I would believe her about everything. 
That probably made her feel guilty about setting me up, so she told me not to touch the file until she returned. 
But then I went ahead and ran it anyway like a doofus. 
I think she just wanted to be believed. 
Shucks. 
Am I an awful friend? 
I'm not so sure about that. 
Heh! 
You're right. 
I guess that's a pretty apt metaphor, even though it doesn't make the slightest bit of sense. 
I just wanted to start playing the game so badly! 
Now more than ever. I have reason to believe the stakes have increased dramatically. 
I think our dream counterparts are all marked for death, and if we are to stand a chance, we must move quickly. 
Oh, she told you already? 
Um. 
Are you being ironic again? 
Dersite? You mean the other planet? The evil one? 
What did the story say about me? 
I didn't realize you had woken up in the game already. 
When did that happen? 
I guess I shouldn't act surprised you didn't tell me. What with all your highfalutin secrecy. 
Pretending? Why? 
I'm still not sure I'm following. 
Why are you maintaining the appearance of being asleep? On Prospit, it seemed as if the people there regarded me and Jake very highly. Like celebrated figures. 
Is it not the same way on Derse? 
In other words, read newspapers, get a feel for "the word on the street," and such? 
As might a detective? :B 
You mean... secret agents?? 
Who's that? 
I guess I should find all that ominous. 
But I cannot lie, sir. 
Nothing you have said has made me one iota less excited to begin this adventure! 
Those dastardly agents can try to assassinate me all they like. I just want to get started! 
Right. 
Still fixing to pull the strings for us, per your extensive puppet metaphor? 
Hrm. 
Alrighty, I think I can make that concession. 
Sounds like a plan. 
I do hope she comes around. It would be a bummer to play without her. 
Say, do I even have any machines that survived the explosion besides this one? 
I guess not. :p 
Still, some nice things were surely destroyed. 
I think Detective Pony was caught in the blast. 
It's unlikely Acorn survived. :'( 
So, since I'm apparently out of "neutral devices," 
Which computer is Seb installing the file on? 
Gotcha. 
My poor dad. 
He surely heard the explosion. I've put him through so much today. 
Oh no... 
I just had a dreadful thought. 
The kitchen is just below my room. 
What if he had begun baking his afternoon cake when my computer exploded?
Maybe I should go look? 
Though I'm a little afraid to. 
I hope so. 
The Crockers have something of a legacy when it comes to losing forebears in mysterious explosions. 
I would be so sad if I kept the tradition alive like this. 
Ok. 
What are you doing? 
Heyyy. 
Ahem. 
Ro-Lal? 
Oh? 
With whom? 
Sigh. 
Oh god dammit. 
Take the book! What do I care!!! 
I fail to see what offering up a priceless book for your wildly capricious science experiment has to do with my resolution to be less stingy with my beliefs, but alright. 
Yes, let's just get on with it.
It worked! 
The book is gone! 
What is it? 
Did you receive the book? 
Don't tell me. 
The book is damaged somehow, isn't it? 
About what? 
Yet another exploding game trap? 
Yes. 
But to be fair, she warned me not to run it. 
Ok. 
What are you doing? 
Wait... 
What? 
Oh gosh. Another large contraption! 
Okay. 
Say, what's with the red text, Dirk? 
Are you typing your most important instructions in red now? 
...
Alrighty, I am in my father's study! 
I have kindly asked Mr. Sebastian to hand over the reins to this silly computer shaped like a man. 
What now? 
What? 
Who's right? 
:B 
Yes! 
Oh, wait. 
It's Roxy again. 
Can you hold on? I'll try to make it quick. 
:? 
I'm not sure that qualifies as innuendo at all. 
I honestly think you misspell things intentionally more often than not, regardless of blood alcohol content. 
You just typed wonk five times in a row! 
What is this urgent thing about, anyway? 
Is it about your boobytrap? 
Because you're too late. It already blew up my whole bedroom, thank you very much. 
Yes, me too. Right now in fact, and I'm in a bit of a hurry! 
What is this about? What are you even doing? 
Before what's too late? 
Oh my god. 
This isn't happening now... 
No! Cease your lascivious porcolating at once! 
Roxy, I can see you're set on just wasting more of my time. 
I understand if you don't wish to play this game, but please try not to interfere with those of us who do! 
My chance? 
What are you talking about? 
A move? You mean, a romantic one? 
On you? 
Um. 
On me? 
Oh. 
Ohhh. 
I didn't think... 
That... 
Hrm. 
Are you sure? 
Well then. 
This is quite a development. 
Poor Dirk! 
Well, surely when he reveals his feelings, Jake will... 
I mean... 
He couldn't possibly... 
Yes? 
Because Jake is not a homosexual! 
Are you saying he is? 
Then what are you saying? 
But... 
I thought it reasonable to presume he takes a shining to ladies. 
He does speak fondly of certain females from his favorite films, does he not? 
Well, now I just don't know. You have me completely bamboozled about this. 
What do you think? 
Okay. Then what does your acute seabeast scanner make of Jake, then? 
Oh brother. 
Then, your guess is as good as mine? 
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to conclude from this. 
Yes. 
But you just said you don't know!!! 
Oh, not this tightass baloney again. 
What? 
... 
No way! 
We settled this, remember? 
My prior resolution made it definitive; I was to be regarded as exceedingly permissive in certain respects! 
So ridiculous. >:P 
I promised to BELIEVE what you say, not DO it! 
If I agree to say something, will you stop tormenting me about it?? 
Fine. 
But let the record show that this resolution has almost nothing whatsoever to do with your use of the phrase "SEX LAND." 
Just... 
I need to think of what to say, and wait for the right moment. Is that ok??? 
Well, 
He does often profess his love for adventure, I suppose. 
Omg. 
I really don't have a moment to spare, do I? 
Jake! 
Hey there. I was actually about to message you. 
You did? 
Wait... 
What did she tell you? 
Did she goad you into writing this message? 
What ways? 
Provocative my behind! 
She is skirting dangerously close to meddlesome territory. 
?? 
Has one of his gadgets been causing trouble for you over there as well? 
Deterred from what? 
Our stuff? 
Um... 
Yes. 
Okay. 
Have we? 
Is there something you want to say to me, Jake? 
About how you feel? 
... 
Go on. 
No, it's ok... 
Please continue! 
Uh. 
Wait... 
What? 
Wow, um. 
Well, 
I 
No!
I guess... 
That... 
Sure was the thing I said! Ha ha. 
No!!!!!! 
Oh my God, what am I saying here? 
Jake, I didn't mean it! I didn't want to make you feel that way! 
... 
No? :( 
It is? 
You have? 
You would?? 
Friends! 
Oh boy!! 
Everything else? 
I don't think I'm following. 
And mixed metaphors, apparently? 
I really don't, Jake. 
What?! 
What's happening? 
Jake, could you just tell me what you're talking about? 
Haha, yes! 
Friends!!!! 
Well what are friends for Jake!!!!! 
Me? 
HOO HOO HOO! 
I'm just 
Terrific! 
I'm feeling so... 
Friendly!!! 
I clearly just want to be a good friend and bring all my AMAZING FRIENDLINESS to bear on your problems. 
Friendlystyle! Ahahahah? 
Shit I mean 
Ahahahah! 
What? 
Courtship?? 
Huh! 
Really? 
Yeaaah. 
What's inevitable? 
Uhhhhh... 
I don't think you have to do anything you don't want to, Jake. 
Wait. 
DO you not want to? 
Well... 
No. 
I don't think that makes you weird, Jake. 
I think 
That 
I think that it's great if you are open to exploring those feelings.
Yes. 
As a matter of fact you have. 
Heh. 
Whee! 
Whoops!! 
Hmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That is what I am good for, it seems! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! 
Yeaaaaaaaah..........
Say, Jake? 
Not to cast doubt on your feelings, but are you quite sure all of Dirk's actions have been for the sake of courtship? 
You did say his robot was prone to assailing you, did you not? 
Is that really an affectionate gesture? 
Oh. 
Yeah. 
I guess you're right. 
Yeah. 
I can see how such a complicated relationship could keep you preoccupied. 
I guess I can't blame you. 
Maybe you should just... 
I don't know. 
Maybe you should just go for it. 
Hell, why not. 
Just tell him you know how he feels and that you're open to the idea?
... 
Yeah sure why the hell not. 
Well, 
He likes you. 
You seem to like him well enough. 
Just... 
Yes. 
Why not?? 
Sounds good to me!!! 
And why would that be?! 
What, are you expecting me to advocate a more conservative approach? 
To tell you to keep being shy and cagey and keep beating around the bush indefinitely?? 
What would ever give you that idea about me! 
I BELIEVE YOU WILL FIND THAT AS REFRESHING BOLDNESS GOES I AM SIMPLY THE BEST THERE IS. 
Screw it! 
Ask him out. 
Just kill the suspense already. 
Become boyfriends and such. 
Have some babies!!! 
Okay I think I have to go. 
I have this stupid game to play. 
Get this shit out of my face. 
Whatever. 
I don't want to talk about it, and if I did, I sure wouldn't want to talk about it with you! 
I just want to go to sleep and not wake up forever. 
Oh, hello. 
Did what, exactly? 
Sure. 
Yes. Sorry. I'm still feeling a little overwhelmed by what just happened. 
A giant pit seems to have swollen my house whole! My dad is missing too. I think I should try to find him as soon as possible. 
Ha ha, you call this grumpy? 
Not exactly! 
That's good. 
But wait... 
I thought you said you've never met him? 
Then how did he make a mess in there? 
Did he break into your room while you were asleep? 
Huh? 
Uh... 
Oh. 
It's rather desolate. Pretty eerie, actually. 
I haven't run into anyone at all. I think I might be alone here? 
The balloons are nice, I suppose. 
Yes. But what about your brother? 
Hey! 
Roxy! 
You won't believe where I am right now. 
Ok, maybe you will. 
But I'm in the game finally! It's considerably more outlandish than I was expecting. 
No, I was thinking... 
Well, I don't know. Something more like... 
THAT'S why you're contacting me??? 
Roxy, please, I don't think you understand. 
There are MYSTERIES here. 
REAL MYSTERIES AND PUZZLES TO SOLVE. 
Groan. 
Hardly. 
If you really want to know, I completely blew it with him forever. Satisfied? 
He asked me if I liked him, and in the heat of the moment I panicked and said no. 
And then he went on this whole thing about Dirk, and... 
That's that. 
Can we drop it now? 
It's not a "love report!" Will you stop it? 
What? There's a fire? 
Oh, gosh. 
Please be careful! 
:( 
Jake! Wait! 
Oh no. 
Thank you! 
That last skull was a doozy, to be honest. 
Har har. 
Hey, I thought you couldn't see me once I left the house? 
Oh yeah? 
Blehhhh, why?? 
That figure would be sitting pretty at one hundred percent. 
Ok, let's stop talking about stupid things for a minute. What a completely absurd environment for our typical blithering discourse. 
I am hot on the prowl for more clues about this strange and mysterious land! 
What? 
Anyway, I think I'm getting closer to finding where my house went. 
Then I can reunite with dad, and together we can sleuth this great big pickle of a planet! 
Yes, I knew it! 
Oh no! 
Golly, why did he have to leave?? 
This really complicates matters. I hope he doesn't get lost. 
Yes. Good idea. 
Got it! Thanks! 
What? 
Um. 
Oh! 
No!! 
I am not going to destroy my dad's car. 
There has to be a better way to gather up grist, though. 
No, and I can't say I'm too disappointed. 
Of course I have! 
Levels? 
I think I've done a fair job of scaling my echeladder without resorting to the slaughter of innocent, fictional monsters, thank you very much. 
I'm getting a little tired of various iterations of Dirk Strider telling me how I need to be more like Jake. 
I know you think Jake is neat. I know all the Dirks just ADORE Jake! I GET IT! 
You don't need to remind me about that. I'm suddenly having flashbacks to a few years ago when he would ambush me almost every day for a pointless round of strife. 
Boy does getting swatted with brooms and having cakes shoved in your face get old fast. 
Well. Yes. 
I am not going to spar with Lil Sebastian!!! 
He is too quick and deadly to fight with. 
And also, too adorable. :B 
You could be right. 
I will give it a try.
Welp, let me have it! 
A hard time for botching up the pooch! 
I think I just locked the door with that muttonheaded stunt. And now that mirrored obelisk is good as gone. 
Oh brother. 
That is really, really robo-smart. 
Ok? 
Alright, I think I can do that. 
What should I do in the meantime? 
Oh stop it! 
None of our friends will answer me. What could they be up to? 
You must at least know what Dirk is doing. 
Some what? 
She's fighting robots too, you mean? 
Why? 
What? What issue! 
Are you sure she's not just trying to kill them? 
It wouldn't be her first assassination attempt. 
But it nearly worked! 
I would be dead right now if not for the whims of GCat. 
So, you're saying she's only pretending to hunt us? 
Then you're saying Dirk and Roxy aren't really in danger from the robots? 
Augh! I just want to talk to my friends and see if they're ok. 
What about Jake? 
Then I guess I'll just sit here and worry about everyone quietly until Seb gets back. 
What? 
Oh yeah! 
I forgot about her. 
But I suppose that's because she's always the one to contact me. I never get a response when I message her. 
You can do that?? 
Hello? 
Are you there? 
Oh my! You answered! 
You never answer. 
Well, no. I don't mean to be accusatory. 
I am just surprised. 
Well... nothing in particular. Just thought it would be nice to catch up. 
I was beginning to think I was the only one of my friends left alive. 
Maybe this gloomy place full of salamander bones and dusty old relics is starting to get to me. 
Not to mention the most unwelcome presence of entrepreneurial clowns and their enormous codpieces. 
I'm still trying to track down my father. I've been gathering clues, and I may be getting close. 
Do you by any chance know if I might see him soon? 
Hmm... 
Are you there? 
Phew! That's nice to know. Thanks. 
You aren't usually forthcoming with future tidbits. Er, not that I was always especially eager to believe you about them anyway. 
But I think I've been coming around on that lately, for what it's worth. 
So, um. 
Hey. 
Are you ok there? 
You seem rather preoccupied. 
What's wrong? 
Is it your brother? 
That sounds awful! 
I had no idea things had gotten this grim for you. I am so sorry. 
Are you sure it's hopeless with him? You can't reach a truce, just for the sake of playing? 
I think you have alluded to this before, but I never really understood. 
What game? 
Try me! 
Of course not. I wrote off your reticence as one of your many eccentricities long ago. 
I still want to understand this game with your brother, though. 
Could you describe some of the other rules? 
Hemotyping? 
But your race has varied blood color? 
Then what would yours be? 
Jeez. Why? 
Are you saying you have such powers? 
But he does not? 
Maybe he is jealous of you, which is why there is such resentment? 
The way you described it, I had always envisioned your contentious relationship as one played out mostly online. 
And also that you and he had never met. Yet some things you have said lately appear to contradict this? 
I understand. 
That makes sense, but I'm not sure I see how it applies. 
:B 
<3 
You were?? 
What is it? Or is it a surprise? 
Your juju? 
Where did you get it? 
Um... gosh. 
It sure sounds like you two are up to your necks in this crazy game. 
Not such a big fan of games? 
Um. 
Beauty? 
Really? 
What is it? 
Shucks!!!!! 
Ok, what do I do? 
Upgrades? What upgrades? 
Wait, is that how this stupid "Delirious Biznasty" application got on here? 
Why? 
Sheesh. 
Very well then, Mister Zipperlips. 
Whatever! Let's curtail the horseplay this once while I help Roxy. 
Ok. I installed it. Now what? Should I run it? 
Okey dokey. Doing that now. 
Hey, I can see her room! :B
That's a really nice room there. 
But where is she? 
Hah, her drink is still there. So she can't have gone far. 
I don't see her anywhere in the rest of the house. 
I see plenty of plush wizards and window gizmos, and... pumpkins? Really, Roxy? 
What an unusual house design. Are all homes in the future like this? 
I just tried messaging her. But no response. 
She said things were on fire when we last talked? 
Actually, she said the whole neighborhood was burning down, if I recall. 
But judging by the view from her window, it looks lovely outside. 
What exactly is the danger I am saving her from here? 
OH NO!!!!! 
Roxy, where are you??? :( 
How do you know she's not hurt? 
Then what is? 
Oh... 
Yes. 
What IS that??
Right. Let's see. 
There's hardly any space in here to put anything. I'll have to make some room. 
I don't want to damage any of her belongings though. 
WHOOPS! 
Dag nabbit. This trackpad is AWFUL! 
Lousy dad computer. 
Why does he have to buy his computers at the Dadly Depot? 
Why does he have to buy EVERYTHING at the Dadly Depot? 
I really need to keep looking for him soon. Thinking about our expeditions to the Dadly Depot is making me miss him. 
There. Those seem like suitable locations for the equipment. 
Hey, where's Lil Seb? 
I think he went through the door.
He just disappeared on that platform! 
I think it might be some kind of transport device, that works via teleportation. 
A kind of "transportalizer," to coin a completely silly and novel term. 
But I think that's where my dad went too! 
I have to follow him. 
It'll be fine! 
I'm bringing my computer with me. I can tend to Roxy's entry along the way. 
Hey! Where are you?? 
I can't find you anywhere in your crazy house. 
It's just wizards and pumpkins as far as the eye can see. 
I hope you're ok! 
Please get back to me as soon as you can. 
